Privacy Policy for Saylog
Privacy Policy
Last updated: February 15, 2025

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection
and use of Your information when You use the Service,
as well as informs You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
Words with capitalized first letters have meanings defined in the following conditions.
The following definitions have the same meaning whether they appear in singular or plural form.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application refers to Saylog, the software provided by the Company.
Company (referred to as "the Company," "We," "Us," or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to
individual entrepreneur Chekmazov Evgeny Vasilievich.
Country refers to: Russia
Device means any device that can access the Service,
such as a computer, mobile phone, or digital tablet.
Personal Data means any information
relating to an identified or identifiable person.
Service refers to the Application.
Usage Data means data collected automatically,
either generated by using the Service,
or from the Service infrastructure itself (e.g., duration of a page visit).
You means the individual accessing or using the Service,
or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such an individual is accessing or using the Service,
as applicable.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected: None
The Company does not collect any of Your personal or other data.

Storage of Your Personal Data
The Company does not store Your personal or other data.

Deletion of Collected Data
The Company does not store Your personal or other data.

Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites
that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link,
You will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

The application uses third-party services
that may collect information used for Your identification.

The application integrates advertisements from third-party providers.
Privacy policy link for third-party service providers used by the application:
Advertising network: LLC Yandex https://yandex.ru/legal/confidential

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time.
We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will notify You through a prominent notice in Our Service
before the changes take effect and update the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

We recommend that You review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy become effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact Us:

By email: simlog-app@yandex.ru


Voice Notepad
111111111111111

Hold down the microphone button and dictate your text, which is displayed in large font on the screen.
The app works with built-in voice control.
Double-click to copy the obtained text to the clipboard.
The font size is adjustable.
The background and text colors are customizable.
The app requires access to the microphone.
